README.md, before:

# 📚 ShelfDroid

ShelfDroid is a third-party Android client for [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf), designed to provide seamless access to your audiobook collection. Stream, organize, and enjoy your audiobooks with an intuitive interface built specifically for Android.

---

## 📸 Screenshots
<!-- Add screenshots of your app here -->

---

## 🛠 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- An active [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) server instance.
- Android device running version 7.0 (Nougat) or higher.

---

## 🏗 Architecture
ShelfDroid follows the [Android Architecture Templates (Multi-Module)](https://github.com/android/architecture-templates/tree/multimodule) to ensure a scalable and maintainable codebase.

---

## 📅 Roadmap
- [ ] Implement core audiobook streaming functionality.
- [ ] Add offline downloading and playback.
- [ ] Enhance playback controls with bookmarks and sleep timers.
- [ ] Improve search and filtering features.
- [ ] Develop a modern and user-friendly UI.
- [ ] Introduce custom themes for personalization.
- [ ] Support audiobook chapters for easy navigation.
- [ ] Add in-app settings for customization.
- [ ] Integrate Google Assistant for voice control.

Feel free to check out the [Issues](https://github.com/100nandoo/shelfdroid/issues) section to see what’s in progress or suggest new features!

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature/YourFeatureName
    ```
3. Make your changes and commit:
    ```bash
    git commit -m "Add YourFeatureName"
    ```
4. Push your branch:
    ```bash
    git push origin feature/YourFeatureName
    ```
5. Open a Pull Request.

---

## 🙌 Acknowledgements
- [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) – The powerful server that ShelfDroid connects to.

---

## 📬 Contact
**Fernando Fransisco Halim**  
GitHub: [100nandoo](https://github.com/100nandoo)  
Project Link: [ShelfDroid Repository](https://github.com/100nandoo/shelfdroid)

Commit message:

docs(README): add documentation section

README.md, after:

# 📚 ShelfDroid

ShelfDroid is a third-party Android client for [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf), designed to provide seamless access to your audiobook collection. Stream, organize, and enjoy your audiobooks with an intuitive interface built specifically for Android.

---

## 📸 Screenshots
<!-- Add screenshots of your app here -->

---

## 🛠 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- An active [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) server instance.
- Android device running version 7.0 (Nougat) or higher.

---

## 🏗 Architecture
ShelfDroid follows the [Android Architecture Templates (Multi-Module)](https://github.com/android/architecture-templates/tree/multimodule) to ensure a scalable and maintainable codebase.

---

## 📅 Roadmap
- [ ] Implement core audiobook streaming functionality.
- [ ] Add offline downloading and playback.
- [ ] Enhance playback controls with bookmarks and sleep timers.
- [ ] Improve search and filtering features.
- [ ] Develop a modern and user-friendly UI.
- [ ] Introduce custom themes for personalization.
- [ ] Support audiobook chapters for easy navigation.
- [ ] Add in-app settings for customization.
- [ ] Integrate Google Assistant for voice control.

Feel free to check out the [Issues](https://github.com/100nandoo/shelfdroid/issues) section to see what’s in progress or suggest new features!

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature/YourFeatureName
    ```
3. Make your changes and commit:
    ```bash
    git commit -m "Add YourFeatureName"
    ```
4. Push your branch:
    ```bash
    git push origin feature/YourFeatureName
    ```
5. Open a Pull Request.

## 📖 Documentation

For more details on using and extending this project, check out the [Documentation](DOCS.md).

---

## 🙌 Acknowledgements
- [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) – The powerful server that ShelfDroid connects to.

---

## 📬 Contact
**Fernando Fransisco Halim**  
GitHub: [100nandoo](https://github.com/100nandoo)  
Project Link: [ShelfDroid Repository](https://github.com/100nandoo/shelfdroid)
