TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## High Priority

- [ ] User management
    - [ ] create user
    - [ ] listening stats
    - [ ] saved media progress
- [ ] library management
- [ ] API keys management
- [ ] Settings management
- [ ] Logs viewer
- [ ] Backup management
- [ ] Widget
- [ ] Backup Restore
- [ ] Window Manager

## Low Priority

- [ ] Preview for all UI component
- [ ] Settings
    - [ ] Episode screen, default expand/shrink description state
    - [ ] Onclick notification, (big/small)
    - [ ] Choose custom Commands
    - [ ] Disable animation

## Tech Debt

- [ ] Migrate player viewmodel to singleton class
- [ ] saving userPrefs, progresses, bookmarks code got repetition on loginRepo and homeRepo
- [ ] use sealed interface instead of class for state in uiState class
- [ ] use ui event for one shot event like snackbar

## Bugs

## Done

- [x] Episode Screen Play Button
- [x] Play Podcast click handler
- [x] Media 3 integration
- [x] ExoPlayer media notification
- [x] Set media item properly
- [x] Media Notification on click open episode or book screen with big player on top
- [x] Media Notification with custom icon
- [x] Media Notification with custom commands
- [x] Player, show progressbar
- [x] Player, show progressbar timing
- [x] Player, show progressbar timing for podcast
- [x] Player, handle seek on progressbar
- [x] Handle play button state on book and episode screen
- [x] Save device id to local storage
- [x] Refactor slider to player ui state
- [x] Change chapter order of chapter bottom sheet
- [x] Bookmarks
- [x] Short interval sync session
- [x] Long interval sync session
- [x] Download Podcast
- [x] Download Podcast inside episode screen
- [x] Download book with one audio track
- [x] Prev chapter button not working when podcast playing
- [x] List View
- [x] while offline, allow playback downloaded item
- [x] Local playback sync book
- [x] Jump to bookmark
- [x] Download notification intent
- [x] Play multiple tracks
- [x] Download book with multiple tracks
- [x] Refactor book download state on viewmodel
- [x] Convert home screen ui state to flow
- [x] Sort
- [x] Add podcast
    - [x] Search
    - [x] Feeds
    - [x] Add
- [x] Soft and hard delete podcast/book
- [x] add, delete episode
- [x] Add episode filter
- [x] Delete episode behaviour
- [x] Listening session
- [x] open sessions management

Commit message:

refactor(Events): use sealed interface instead of class for event

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## High Priority

- [ ] User management
    - [x] create user
    - [ ] listening stats
    - [ ] saved media progress
- [ ] library management
- [ ] API keys management
- [ ] Settings management
- [ ] Logs viewer
- [ ] Backup management
- [ ] Widget
- [ ] Backup Restore
- [ ] Window Manager

## Low Priority

- [ ] Preview for all UI component
- [ ] Settings
    - [ ] Episode screen, default expand/shrink description state
    - [ ] Onclick notification, (big/small)
    - [ ] Choose custom Commands
    - [ ] Disable animation

## Tech Debt

- [ ] Migrate player viewmodel to singleton class
- [ ] Reduce event count by using transform similar to EditUserEvent
- [ ] saving userPrefs, progresses, bookmarks code got repetition on loginRepo and homeRepo
- [ ] use ui event for one shot event like snackbar

## Bugs

## Done

- [x] Episode Screen Play Button
- [x] Play Podcast click handler
- [x] Media 3 integration
- [x] ExoPlayer media notification
- [x] Set media item properly
- [x] Media Notification on click open episode or book screen with big player on top
- [x] Media Notification with custom icon
- [x] Media Notification with custom commands
- [x] Player, show progressbar
- [x] Player, show progressbar timing
- [x] Player, show progressbar timing for podcast
- [x] Player, handle seek on progressbar
- [x] Handle play button state on book and episode screen
- [x] Save device id to local storage
- [x] Refactor slider to player ui state
- [x] Change chapter order of chapter bottom sheet
- [x] Bookmarks
- [x] Short interval sync session
- [x] Long interval sync session
- [x] Download Podcast
- [x] Download Podcast inside episode screen
- [x] Download book with one audio track
- [x] Prev chapter button not working when podcast playing
- [x] List View
- [x] while offline, allow playback downloaded item
- [x] Local playback sync book
- [x] Jump to bookmark
- [x] Download notification intent
- [x] Play multiple tracks
- [x] Download book with multiple tracks
- [x] Refactor book download state on viewmodel
- [x] Convert home screen ui state to flow
- [x] Sort
- [x] Add podcast
    - [x] Search
    - [x] Feeds
    - [x] Add
- [x] Soft and hard delete podcast/book
- [x] add, delete episode
- [x] Add episode filter
- [x] Delete episode behaviour
- [x] Listening session
- [x] open sessions management
- [x] use sealed interface instead of class for state in uiState class
